update: add 1.6.10-RC EAP details (#2699)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/eap.md

## Build details

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Build info</th>
        <th>Build highlights</th>
        <th>Recommended kotlinx library versions</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>1.6.10-RC</strong>
            <p>Released: <strong>December 7, 2021</strong></p>
            <p><a href="https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/releases/tag/v1.6.10-RC" target="_blank">Release on GitHub</a></p>
        </td>
        <td>
             <ul>

>                 <li>Release candidate for a bug fix release for Kotlin 1.6.0.</li>

Author: ```suggestion
                <li>Release candidate for a bug fix release Kotlin 1.6.10.</li>
```

>             </ul>

Reviewer: I wouldn't use the list for this single item.

Reviewer: Also, there are two "for"s in a short sentence. Maybe "Release candidate for a bug fix release Kotlin 1.6.10."?

Author: Thanks, I like this

>         <td>
>              <ul>
>                 <li>Release candidate for a bug fix release for Kotlin 1.6.0.</li>
>             </ul>

Author: ```suggestion
        <td>
             <p>Release candidate for a bug fix release for Kotlin 1.6.0.</p>
```
